[FUN-449] Add what is it for doc (#507)
launchdarkly/ldcli: internal/dev_server/manifesto.md

# Dev Server Vision Doc

This doc lays out our vision for what `dev-server` is supposed to do, and why this is the case.

## Purpose of the Dev Server

> First and foremost, `dev-server` is meant as a replacement for local dev and CI environments. Other use cases may exist (and don't hestitate to ask if you think you have one!), but since a `dev-server` environment lacks any targeting, it is best suited to situations where there is only 1 user for the whole environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First and foremost, `dev-server` is meant as a replacement for local dev and CI environments managed in the LaunchDarkly service. Other use cases may exist (and don't hesitate to ask if you think you have one!), but since a `dev-server` environment lacks any targeting, it is best suited to situations where there is only 1 user for the whole environment.
```

We implemented it this way in order to solve a problem common both internally and amongst our userbase where an environment would get created per developer on a project as well as per CI build. As you could expect, this becomes exponentially harder to maintain as the number of environments scales both technically and from a process perspective - something has to clear out those environments after all!

> Another intentional design decision was the choice not to allow the creation of local-only flags. A running `dev-server` can only pull from a real environment. From there, you can override the served value for your local environment.

Reviewer: Rewrite this without mentioning local-only flags. That's a feature we've discussed internally, but isn't something a reader of this doc will know about. I think you want to frame it as "flags must first exist in the source environment" or similar.

We chose to do this in order to minimize any surprises as your code moves from local / CI to a prod / prod-like environment. In our experience, the greatest source of such surprises has been drift between the configuration of a developer's LD environment and our Staging environment. Unless a developer is constantly making sure their flag state matches higher environments as closely as possible, flag state drifts until their local development environment starts to break, neccessitating a painful process of reconciling flag state.

> Lastly, we highly recommend not using `dev-server` for environments with prod-level traffic. As we designed this with local dev in mind, something will definitely break if you try to use this for that level of load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, do not use the `dev-server` for environments with prod-level traffic. As we designed this with local dev in mind, production throughput has never been tested.
```
